(BASS DROP)
So you say it is easier for lovers
if they're not distracting each
other from their purpose
but working together.
Exactly.
Still, I don't understand
why my character argues
that being in love with somebody
that you aren't working alongside
would make you complacent.
I mean, isn't there a tremendous
motivation in love?
Do you mean to attain
the affection of
cultivating someone worthy of love?
Well, yeah.
I mean, isn't it the sex drive
and the need for approval
that has people doing
everything they do?
Oh I--
- Positions.
Let's take it from the top.
Ready?
Yeah.
Go back to sleep.
- Hello, Cassey.
Say hello to Eric.
Eric, say hello to your
dearly deceased wife.
How are you tonight, Cassey?
Welcome to the spirit realm.
(LAUGHS)
Anything you'd like to say, Alec?
Eric, I mean?
Yes, are you making this up?
No, I knew it from the beginning.
That sounded like a guess.
Nope. Uh-uh.
- It seemed like you...
- No.
Have I just been scammed?
- What?
- Did you scam me?
Sir, please.
She was muttering.
That was an easy mistake to make.
She does not mutter.
She was a teacher.
She has excellent pronunciation
- Well, she's dead now, so sometimes
she can be hard to hear.
Okay. All right.
- Look!
Looks like a little dog.
(LAUGHTER)
Oh, yeah.
(BARKING)
Ruff.
(HOWLING)
We're not equipped
to deal with strangers
and tell nice little stories.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, love.
It's his.
Which, as you can see,
sent profits skyrocketing
for the rest of the year.
(CLAPPING)
So, because of this,
we'll be looking to
integrate with many more
growth businesses
in the coming years.
All thanks to your vision and
hard work, Mr. Matthews.
- That doesn't sound much like me.
Sure you've got the right apartment?
- Huh.
Where are the tabs, Lachie?
(JAZZ MUSIC & GROANING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(BRASS MUSIC)